# NS-Cartesian
Incompressible Navier Stokes Solver on non-uniform colocated Cartesian Grids using primitive variables (u,v,p)

The Solver has been developed with the aim to study a variety of schemes, oriented towards capturing 
convection-diffusion phenomenon, in the context of conducting error analysis, studying monotonicity properties of convective schemes,
elementary tradeoffs such as accuracy through Deferred Correction over Matrix Storage, role of Under-Relaxation factors for steady state convection-diffusion problems etc.
Currently, a UDS-CDS scheme has been implemented for convection, through deferred correction, and a CDS Scheme for Diffusion.
A SIMPLE Algorithm has been implemented, with the convective and diffusive fluxes treated implicitly.
Two time integration schemes have been implemented - the Euler Implicit method, and 2nd order backward differencing.
The linear System is solved through either a point-SOR method (used mainly for checking inner iteration convergence due to monotonic convergence properties), or a BiCGStab method, with or without an ILU Preconditioner.

The solver is built in accordance with c++11 standard.
To compile, use the command:
g++ -std=c++11 -o CSolver *.cpp

To run it in debug mode, add -g flag to compilation string.

A sample grid file is provided, according to which uniform and non-uniform grids can be generated by the user.
Further, results from a coarser grid can be interpolated to a finer grid using the Interpolate files.
The Interpolation has dependencies on the Geometry class defined in Grid.h

Upon Setting the restart flag to 1, and providing files (U,V,P,T(if present)), 
one can set an initial solution for steady and unsteady flows.

Currently, the solver has been tested for Lid Driven Cavity and Buoyancy driven cavity problems.
Development is in progress to add a custom Boundary Condition class, which will allow for a wider class of problems to be solved,
as well as bugs in ILU Preconditioned BiCGStab are being rectified.




